feat(node-project): Added ability to provide scoped private packages (#1688)
projen/projen: docs/node.md

## Releases (CI/CD)

TODO

## Features

> ### Scoped Private Packages

Reviewer: Please update this section to also explain that for the feature to work on GitHub, the user must add secrets named `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` to their repo (I believe this is true?)

Reviewer 2: The user can set custom secret names so long as that is passed to the codeartifact options. From there configure-aws-credentials will use the default or custom secret names that get passed along. I'll update the docs to reflect that codeartifact options are required (will that be enough to prompt users to set those secrets given it's a requirement for that?)

Scoped private packages can be configured in this project and its ancestors.

All npm packages have a name. Some package names also have a scope. A scope follows the usual rules for package names (URL-safe characters, no leading dots or underscores). When used in package names, scopes are preceded by an @ symbol and followed by a slash, e.g. `@somescope/somepackagename`

> This feature supports specifying options on how to access packages in each of the scopes, otherwise will try to install from default npm registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature supports specifying options on how package managers should access packages in each of the scopes. If no options are specified, npm or yarn will try to install scoped packages from thepublic npm registry.
```

> Currently, it only supports AWS CodeArtifact, either by directly access via credentials or by assuming a role using the specified credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, it only supports fetching packages from AWS CodeArtifact, either by directly access via credentials or by assuming a role using the specified credentials.
```
